doc: add missing sections. (#28)
valory-xyz/apy-oracle: docs/index.md

![MLKit](images/ml-apy-prediction-oracle-icon.png){ align=left width="150" }

> The MLKit helps you build services with custom machine-learning capabilities.

Reviewer: > The MLKit helps you build services with custom machine-learning capabilities.

We do not have a kit for building services with custom machine-learning capabilities.

Author: Please suggest change

Reviewer: Remove sentence.

Reviewer 2: I think this was requested by Oak. We go with what he says

Reviewer 3: I agree it's aspirational to call it a "kit", but in a simple sense we can consider it one in that it's a template for building ML-powered services. We think it will be helpful from a sales perspective to use this"-Kit" naming convention, and if indeed if it proves to be then there will be resources to make the implementation catch up to the name.

For example, the ML APY Prediction Oracle is an {{agent_service_link}} that predicts the yield of liquidity pools using customizable machine learning techniques. Currently, the live demo makes predictions for [Uniswap](https://uniswap.org/) and [SpookySwap](https://spooky.fi).

> The agents collect historical liquidity pool data by making [subgraph](https://thegraph.com) queries. They preprocess the data and train a prediction algorithm. Once enough data is collected and the training process has finished, the agents transit to an estimation stage where they periodically compute the predictions based on the trained algorithm. Next, the predictions are signed and a keeper agent is chosen to send the signed predictions. Note that the agents reach consensus on all the steps involving the collection, preprocessing, training and prediction of the data to be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agents collect historical liquidity pool data by making [subgraph](https://thegraph.com) queries. They preprocess the data, run an optimizer, train a prediction algorithm on a split of the data using the hyperparameters found on the previous step, test on the left-out data, and then train on the full data to prepare the algorithm for forecasting. Then, the agents transit to an estimation stage where they periodically compute the predictions and update the model's weights based on the most recent data that they fetch. Note that the agents reach consensus on all the steps involving the collection, preprocessing, optimization, training, testing, training on the full data, and forecasting.
```

In the live demo, the predictions are currently sent via a POST message to an HTTP server, but other alternatives to extend the service are possible. For example, the service could be extended to secure the contents to a public blockchain through a contract call.

## Demo

Once you have {{set_up_system}} to work with the Open Autonomy framework, you can run a local demo of the ML APY Prediction Oracle as follows:

1. Fetch the ML APY Prediction Oracle service.

> 	```bash
> 	autonomy fetch valory/apy_estimation:0.1.0:bafybeibi4c4iiqmrwgsl5lw5oibz22xekvheqllmun7s2clbzuqivpjpxi --service
> 	```

Reviewer: This will be the hash for `0.7.0`.

```suggestion
	```bash
	autonomy fetch valory/apy_estimation:0.1.0:bafybeihb2xrlfeorydpghsinjkmbbc6cikr5ysshgvbrukzr34io52fyxi --service
	```
```
